schema.Document.Requests.RequestTime  --(1)->  schema.Document.Requests.ResponseTime
schema.Document.Agent  --(0)->  schema.Document.Sales.productId
schema.Document.Requests.RequestTime  --(0)->  schema.Document.Requests.ResponseTime
schema.Document.Name.Language.Country  --(1)->  schema.Document.Name.Url
schema.Document.Name.Language.Country  --(2)->  schema.Document.Name.Language.Code
schema.Document.Name.Language.Country  --(0)->  schema.Document.Name.Url
schema.Document.UserGroup  --(0)->  schema.Document.clientIP
schema.Document.clientIP  --(0)->  schema.Document.country
schema.Document.UserID  --(0)->  schema.Document.UserGroup
schema.Document.Requests.URL  --(0)->  schema.Document.Requests.RequestData
schema.Document.Requests.URL  --(1)->  schema.Document.Requests.RequestData
schema.Document.Requests.RequestData  --(0)->  schema.Document.DocId
schema.Document.Requests.RequestData  --(1)->  schema.Document.Requests.RequestID
schema.Document.Sales.productId  --(0)->  schema.Document.Sales.productName
schema.Document.Name.Url  --(0)->  schema.Document.SessionID
schema.Document.Sales.sale  --(0)->  schema.Document.Requests.RequestID
schema.Document.Name.Url  --(1)->  schema.Document.Name.Language.Code
schema.Document.country  --(0)->  schema.Document.Agent
schema.Document.Links.Backward  --(0)->  schema.Document.Links.Forward
schema.Document.Links.Backward  --(1)->  schema.Document.Links.Backward
schema.Document.Links.Forward  --(0)->  schema.Document.Name.Language.Code
schema.Document.DocId  --(0)->  schema.Document.Links.Backward
schema.Document.Sales.productName  --(0)->  schema.Document.Sales.sale
schema.Document.Name.Language.Code  --(2)->  schema.Document.Name.Language.Country
schema.Document.Name.Language.Code  --(0)->  schema.Document.Name.Language.Country
schema.Document.Name.Language.Code  --(1)->  schema.Document.Name.Language.Country
schema.Document.SessionID  --(0)->  schema.Document.UserID
schema.Document.Requests.ResponseTime  --(1)->  schema.Document.Requests.URL
schema.Document.Requests.ResponseTime  --(0)->  schema.Document.Requests.URL
schema.Document.Requests.RequestID  --(1)->  schema.Document.Requests.RequestTime
schema.Document.Links.Forward  --(1)->  schema.Document.Links.Forward
schema.Document.Requests.RequestID  --(0)->  schema.Document.Requests.RequestTime